What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	
	When you initialize a repository a hidden folder is created with the name .git, in this case the dot represents the hidden attribute of the file. Its necessary to do it to start tracking or having the version control of the documents inside the folder we run the command git init.
	
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	It is different because its right in the middle of both, it doesn't contain the files where i'm actually working on, and doesn´t contain the actual and the previous versions of my job, in this case it keeps only the changes made after the last commit, offering the opportunity to save multiple changed files in order to commit one logical change.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	
	I can add only the files that contain the changes related to one logical change, i that way i will be commiting only one logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	
	In cases where you want to experiment with new features but you're not sure about it s going to work at first and you don't want to mess up the recent clean code. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	they help us because its possible to see want changes have been made over the time.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	the result of merging is one commit refering to 2 parents that come from the lastest commits of each branch. it represents an intersection between two or more paths. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	its totally helpfull because you don't have to analize each file to find the differences and decide whether a change has to be in the final document or not, although in the cases of conflict you still have the decision.
